3 mark pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
0 downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' pg-13 rating .	
1 plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .	
0 the whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as very important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a hollywood product .	
3 a fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	
3 -lrb- cho 's face is -rrb- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	
1 it feels like very light errol morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
3 has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	
1 kim ki-deok seems to have in mind an -lrb- emotionally at least -rrb- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
3 like smoke signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	
3 evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made mamet 's `` house of games '' and last fall 's `` heist '' so much fun .	
2 the result might look like vulgar .	
2 though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
1 with its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , all about the benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
4 the increasingly diverse french director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
1 ultimately , sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .	
0 the jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
2 a mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	
0 in addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .	
2 the filmmakers might want to look it up .	
4 judith and zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	
3 a solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	
2 there is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
1 roman polanski directs the pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
4 those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` scratch '' a second look .	
1 ... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	
0 this ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
0 loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	
1 solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	
1 good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like clueless does south fork .	
3 evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .	
2 brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .	
2 mark wahlberg ... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .	
0 it is not the first time that director sara sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .	
3 there is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	
2 innocuous enough to make even jean-claude van damme look good .	
0 goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though jay roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	
2 -lrb- raimi 's -rrb- matured quite a bit with spider-man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .	
1 unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	
2 one gets the impression the creators of do n't ask do n't tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .	
1 schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .	
3 a small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .	
1 evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	
3 welles groupie\/scholar peter bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant william randolph hearst .	
3 hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	
3 there is something that is so meditative and lyrical about babak payami 's boldly quirky iranian drama secret ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of middle eastern world politics	
2 it 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but westbrook 's foundation and dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .	
2 it wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	
3 evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	
3 woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from lonely boy to do n't look back .	
2 it looks much more like a cartoon in the end than the simpsons ever has .	
3 if cinema had been around to capture the chaos of france in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .	
2 at the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` i guess i come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''	
1 after all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .	
1 gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	
1 full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , kung pow !	
3 to those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` divine secrets of the ya-ya sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	
1 being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	
3 ... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	
3 the creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .	
0 what might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of woody allen or mel brooks -lrb- at least during their '70s heyday -rrb- comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .	
3 the sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	
1 there might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	
3 moonlight mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	
2 the film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	
2 the thing looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .	
4 sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... attal looks so much like a young robert deniro that it seems the film should instead be called ` my husband is travis bickle ' .	
3 it throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` look at this !	
3 it 's still a comic book , but maguire makes it a comic book with soul .	
1 even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , spy kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	
1 if you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	
3 oh , look at that clever angle !	
2 this heist flick about young brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of vin diesel , seth green and barry pepper .	
0 there are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	
1 in the book-on-tape market , the film of `` the kid stays in the picture '' would be an abridged edition	
2 with three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .	
0 what might have been acceptable on the printed page of iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
4 like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	
3 an improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen poke-mania that have preceded it .	
0 a poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .	
4 one of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	
2 jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	
1 this is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	
2 ram dass fierce grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	
2 the film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	
1 every joke is repeated at least four times .	
3 you may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	
1 with tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	
1 lush and beautifully photographed -lrb- somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book -rrb- , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .	
3 yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .	
1 the jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	
0 ... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	
0 makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .	
1 this 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	
3 with exquisite craftsmanship ... olivier assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois french society .	
4 parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .	
4 if you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	
3 predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director john stockwell .	
4 at times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	
1 one suspects that craven endorses they simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .	
1 hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	
3 enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .	
0 ... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already .	
2 a punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	
3 the film delivers what it promises : a look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	
4 this charming , thought-provoking new york fest of life and love has its rewards .	
2 frida is certainly no disaster , but neither is it the kahlo movie frida fans have been looking for .	
3 an intriguing look at the french film industry during the german occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	
4 proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	
2 about amy 's cuteness , amy 's career success -lrb- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -rrb- , and amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .	
3 if you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de sade and what might have happened at picpus , sade is your film .	
3 criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes my big fat greek wedding look like an apartheid drama .	
3 it cooks conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	
3 a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .	
4 it 's never dull and always looks good .	
1 try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes edward burns ' sidewalks of new york look like oscar wilde .	
3 fans of critics ' darling band wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of i am trying to break your heart .	
3 offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of beijing .	
3 while the now 72-year-old robert evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	
3 cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of miramax chief harvey weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of denmark 's dogma movement .	
1 an uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on philip k. dick stories .	
0 as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut dahmer -lrb- jeremy renner -rrb- and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .	
1 lookin ' for sin , american-style ?	
2 seeing seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on letterman with a clinical eye reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .	
4 terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	
1 -lrb- stevens is -rrb- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	
3 it 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	
1 `` one look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	
3 although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .	
3 based on dave barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	
2 the origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .	
0 this strenuously unfunny showtime deserves the hook .	
1 the fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	
2 a preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in brooklyn circa 1958 .	
1 we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .	
1 i never thought i 'd say this , but i 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	
4 an action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of day of the jackal , the french connection , and heat .	
0 the jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	
4 my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	
2 pull -lrb- s -rrb- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .	
3 not as well-written as sexy beast , not as gloriously flippant as lock , stock and two smoking barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	
1 the story is predictable , the jokes are typical sandler fare , and the romance with ryder is puzzling .	
2 here polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	
3 any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	
1 -lrb- a -rrb- boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .	
3 4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	
3 some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .	
3 takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	
2 it 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	
3 until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , wendigo , larry fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .	
4 lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	
2 though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .	
1 like an afterschool special with costumes by gianni versace , mad love looks better than it feels .	
1 ... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .	
1 77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .	
1 the chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	
1 this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	
3 this kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes shanghai ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .	
3 though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of blue crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	
0 it 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	
1 a big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	
3 for proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	
3 expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	
3 the campy results make mel brooks ' borscht belt schtick look sophisticated .	
2 -lrb- screenwriter -rrb- pimental took the farrelly brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation .	
3 alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	
1 supposedly , pokemon ca n't be killed , but pokemon 4ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	
3 the hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	
3 it is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	
1 they kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	
0 lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	
1 equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and farenheit 451 .	
0 merely -lrb- and literally -rrb- tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .	
3 nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	
1 those 24-and-unders looking for their own caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	
1 some body often looks like an episode of the tv show blind date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	
2 a thought-provoking look at how western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	
4 overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : god is love .	
1 it 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .	
1 sandra bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	
4 the film has a terrific look and salma hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	
1 trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` gadzooks ! ''	
3 i found the ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .	
1 i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	
3 gets the look and the period trappings right	
3 functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .	
4 -lrb- westbrook -rrb- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	
3 aniston has at last decisively broken with her friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	
3 worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	
1 chen films the resolutely downbeat smokers only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	
1 about one in three gags in white 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	
2 if h.g. wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ?	
1 seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director fisher stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in waking life water colors .	
4 it zips along with b-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	
4 showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .	
3 this 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than i 'd expected it to be .	
1 can i admit xxx is as deep as a petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	
0 it 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes sex with strangers , which opens today in the new york metropolitan area , so distasteful .	
1 ararat feels like a book report	
4 it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	
1 as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle .	
2 i realized that no matter how fantastic reign of fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .	
3 although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` orange county '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	
4 a fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	
1 if you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	
4 intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	
3 combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't hollywood think of this sooner ?	
1 i walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	
3 ... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	
4 a thought-provoking picture .	
1 these are textbook lives of quiet desperation .	
1 but the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	
0 if i could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , i would go back and choose to skip it .	
0 ... feels as if -lrb- there 's -rrb- a choke leash around your neck so director nick cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	
3 it 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	
4 this is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	
2 it 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	
1 even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other bullock and grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .	
1 the pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes eddie murphy and robert deniro in showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	
2 explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	
3 rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day .	
3 try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for smokey robinson , this movie will worm its way there .	
2 except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .	
1 set in a 1986 harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in new york .	
4 -lrb- breheny 's -rrb- lensing of the new zealand and cook island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	
2 like these russo guys lookin ' for their mamet instead found their sturges .	
0 looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
1 ... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	
2 like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate .	
2 you wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .	
0 the following things are not at all entertaining : the bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching seinfeld -lrb- who is also one of the film 's producers -rrb- do everything he can to look like a good guy .	
3 by the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	
1 if swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	
3 a hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of claude chabrol .	
3 scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	
3 highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring ice-t in a major role .	
3 for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	
2 the obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	
3 all in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	
2 ... myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-tarantino pop-culture riffs ...	
3 while broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .	
1 when it comes to the battle of hollywood vs. woo , it looks like woo 's a p.o.w.	
3 an extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary china .	
3 as dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	
2 a plodding look at the french revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .	
3 a fairly enjoyable mixture of longest yard ... and the 1999 guy ritchie caper lock stock and two smoking barrels .	
3 thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	
2 try hell house , which documents the cautionary christian spook-a-rama of the same name .	
1 plays like one of those conversations that comic book guy on `` the simpsons '' has .	
3 the bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	
2 only in its final surprising shots does rabbit-proof fence find the authority it 's looking for .	
1 while it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	
1 it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .	
2 works because we 're never sure if ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	
0 it 's splash without the jokes .	
0 this is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -lrb- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -rrb- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` why ? '	
0 a low-budget affair , tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	
1 stale first act , scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	
3 ` possession , ' based on the book by a.s. byatt , demands that labute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	
1 flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding equilibrium up .	
3 it reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	
1 the kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .	
2 if horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .	
3 a timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .	
3 white oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	
1 bad company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	
0 the ya-ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	
3 diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .	
2 cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .	
1 as it stands , crocodile hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 godzilla , which combined scenes of a japanese monster flick with canned shots of raymond burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .	
3 what could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	
0 the cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to stonehenge .	
0 aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor stephen rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	
3 the wonderfully lush morvern callar is pure punk existentialism , and ms. ramsay and her co-writer , liana dognini , have dramatized the alan warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to irvine welsh 's book trainspotting .	
1 a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state .	
4 it 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... grant and bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .	
1 true to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .	
0 it looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	
1 a boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even kingsley , are made to look bad .	
2 maid in manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... but as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .	
0 there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	
2 a highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world .	
0 it 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even jason x ... look positively shakesperean by comparison .	
1 the darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	
3 a terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	
2 an unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .	
3 offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	
0 the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .	
1 unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	
1 the sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give blade fans another look at wesley snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	
2 anemic chronicle of money grubbing new yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .	
0 this hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on hopkins ' inclination to play hannibal lecter again , even though harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	
4 to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	
1 though tom shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	
1 ` it looks good , sonny , but you missed the point . '	
3 if you 're burnt out on it 's a wonderful life marathons and bored with a christmas carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .	
3 it looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	
1 this dubious product of a college-spawned -lrb- colgate u. -rrb- comedy ensemble known as broken lizard plays like a mix of cheech and chong and chips .	
1 not only does leblanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	
2 depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .	
2 if you 're looking for a tale of brits behaving badly , watch snatch again .	
1 while the ensemble player who gained notice in guy ritchie 's lock , stock and two smoking barrels and snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	
3 ` alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .	
2 the ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your halloween entertainment .	
3 adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .	
1 an incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	
2 a witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .	
1 death to smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .	
3 if you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , enough is just the ticket you need .	
4 an engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	
2 it 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in invincible and overlook its drawbacks .	
2 sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist japanese jokes .	
2 too ordinary to restore -lrb- harmon -rrb- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .	
1 the whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -lrb- it -rrb- comes off like a hallmark commercial .	
0 another boorish movie from the i-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .	
3 it 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	
1 but the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	
1 off the hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director adam watstein with finishing it at all .	
1 an occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	
2 at its best -lrb- and it does have some very funny sequences -rrb- looking for leonard reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be .	
2 tennessee williams by way of oprah 's book club .	
1 the film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .	
3 the casting of von sydow ... is itself intacto 's luckiest stroke .	
0 oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	
1 the script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	
4 despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real americans '' make this a charmer .	
3 bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	
0 it 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	
1 if you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	
0 the animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of pokemon 4 ever is any indication .	
2 does anyone much think the central story of brendan behan is that he was a bisexual sweetheart before he took to drink ?	
4 an immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	
1 in the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	
4 this fascinating look at israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	
0 a yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .	
3 a hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	
1 as with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	
3 well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	
2 denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of vanessa redgrave 's career .	
3 using an endearing cast , writer\/director dover kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .	
0 jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of candid camera staged for the marquis de sade set .	
3 few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as nesbitt 's cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	
3 a properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .	
2 a behind the scenes look at the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer and the champion that 's made a difference to nyc inner-city youth .	
3 a completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	
2 this may be dover kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .	
3 deserves a place of honor next to nanook as a landmark in film history .	
2 it 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	
1 releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in january lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and snow dogs deserves every single one of them .	
1 what ` blade runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a uhf channel .	
1 is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
0 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	
4 a remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .	
3 the mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a t.	
0 should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
3 children and adults enamored of all things pokemon wo n't be disappointed .	
1 it looks good , but it is essentially empty .	
2 though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	
4 young hanks and fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	
1 not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as wonder bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need hollywood doing to us : it preaches .	
3 dogtown & z-boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of james dean .	
3 a knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	
1 at every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
1 the filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
2 despite the pyrotechnics , narc is strictly by the book .	
3 almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` the addams family '' to everyone looking in ... `` my big fat greek wedding '' comes from the heart ...	
0 an unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .	
1 watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .	
0 reign of fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .	
1 the movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
2 if you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	
2 if legendary shlockmeister ed wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from anne rice 's novel the vampire chronicles .	
1 ... hokey art house pretension .	
0 ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of martha stewart decorating program run amok .	
2 avary 's film never quite emerges from the shadow of ellis ' book .	
4 10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .	
4 the determination of pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director patricio guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	
3 writer\/director alexander payne -lrb- election -rrb- and his co-writer jim taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look american angst in the eye and end up laughing .	
4 a delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .	
3 cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	
1 looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of scarface or carlito 's way .	
4 flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old jack nicholson could be looking at his 12th oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .	
1 every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	
1 ... tara reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the miss hawaiian tropic pageant , so i do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	
2 schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	
3 this one is a few bits funnier than malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like slob city reductions of damon runyon crooks .	
2 davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	
1 -lrb- jackson and bledel -rrb- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	
3 if it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	
1 parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for ram dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
0 a dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
0 the attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .	
1 if they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands i kept looking for the last exit from brooklyn .	
3 i loved the look of this film .	
2 elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke .	
3 a grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	
4 bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
1 the problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
1 instead of using george and lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on george 's haplessness and lucy 's personality tics .	
3 worth a look as a curiosity .	
1 `` looking for leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .	
1 i spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits	
2 entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from venus and men from mars can indeed get together .	
3 a surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	
1 although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .	
1 watching `` ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .	
1 every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	
3 it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	
3 ... `` bowling for columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	
4 `` simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	
1 it 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by scott kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	
3 a thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	
2 slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by .	
1 while solondz tries and tries hard , storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .	
4 there 's so much to look at in metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	
0 the original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
0 seagal , who looks more like danny aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
3 max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .	
2 authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	
1 the screenplay does too much meandering , norton has to recite bland police procedural details , fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , hopkins looks like a drag queen .	
0 a 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
3 directing with a sure and measured hand , -lrb- haneke -rrb- steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .	
0 -lrb- hell is -rrb- looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara is n't even halfway through .	
1 if routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	
3 an ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	
2 shanghai ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
3 the ring never lets you off the hook .	
2 comedy troupe broken lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	
1 a spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .	
3 an unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	
0 an unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the dv revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
1 a mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .	
1 it makes me feel weird \/ thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ like puppies with broken legs \/ and butterflies that die \/ and movies starring pop queens	
1 for something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -lrb- sci-fi -rrb- rehash .	
0 the film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what i was expecting .	
4 a delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
2 `` home movie '' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .	
3 steven soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	
1 a zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking morlocks .	
3 but that they are doing it is thought-provoking .	
3 upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .	
0 like a can of 2-day old coke .	
4 tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer hilary birmingham .	
2 although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking , tuck everlasting suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .	
2 some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	
3 takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	
2 vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	
3 the dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	
3 the fourth `` pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	
2 it 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie , but it 's entertaining enough and worth a look .	
0 quite frankly , i ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a mcculloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .	
4 a rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	
3 a quietly moving look back at what it was to be iranian-american in 1979 .	
3 an interesting look behind the scenes of chicago-based rock group wilco ...	
2 a good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	
1 ill-considered , unholy hokum .	
3 this is a more fascinating look at the future than `` bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	
2 reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and ryoko hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
2 certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	
4 a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
1 -lrb- tries -rrb- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the united states .	
